# School_District_Analysis
Processing testing data for a school district
## Challenge
For the challenge we were asked to replace the reading and math scores for ninth graders at Thomas High School with NaN.
### Challenge Analysis
	▪	The District Summary is probably the least affected summary that we will look at. The changes we made to the 9th Grade class at Thomas High School. This school district has so many students that that one class from one high school will not skew the District Summary very much. No value changed more than one point.
	▪	The School Summary is where you the removal of the data points start to show. As with the District Summary, you have so much data that you are working with, the removal of a single grade from a high school won’t start to show until you make it into some smaller pieces of data. You can start to see it here with the drop in the passing percentage in Thomas High School.That is the only row of data that is affected here.
	▪	Thomas High School was the second highest performing school before we removed the 9th grade’s test scores. After we removed their scores the dropped to eighth out of fifteen. As you can see we are now seeing the affect of removing the test scores. 
	▪	When we look at the scores by grade it is obvious that Thomas High School now has not data to compare their 9th graders with any other school in the district. Other schools are not as affected in this data frame. When we move on to the Spending Summary we see the spending bin of $630-644 per student dropped on the percent passing columns. The average score for the Math and Reading tests were unaffected because the students grades were not calculated. Removing their scores but not removing the students will hurt any metric with percent passing included. As you see, when we remove the students scores, in the School Size Summary it only affections the medium category. The affect is only seen in the percent passing columns again. The same affect is seen in the School Type Summary. SinceThomas Hill High School is a charter school, that is the only side of the data frame affected. Also only the percent passing columns are adversely affected.
